# LIS MASc Everything Counts Assignment 1

CCUS

The IEA produced this dataset as part of efforts to track advances in carbon capture, utilisation, and storage (CCUS). It covers all CO2 capture, transport, storage, and utilisation projects worldwide that have been commissioned since the 1970s, with an announced capacity of more than 100 000 t per year (or 1000 t per year for direct air capture facilities). It includes projects with a clear emissions reduction scope, and excludes CO2 capture for utilisation pathways which bring low climate benefits (e.g. food and beverages) or which are part of the conventional industrial process (e.g. internal use for urea production), as well as use of naturally occurring CO2 for enhanced oil recovery (EOR). When the capacity is unknown, only projects with a clear commercial scope are included. If an industrial cluster has been announced, only identified CO2 capture projects within this cluster are included (i.e. it does not include the full potential capture capacity of industrial clusters for which capture sources are not specified). Capture projects for CO2 use are included as long as the source of the CO2 (i.e. capture facility) has been clearly identified. Projects are categorised by type (capture, full chain, transport, storage, CCU), sector of point source (fuel transformation, power and heat, industry, direct air capture, etc.), and fate of CO2 (dedicated storage, EOR, utilisation, unknown/unspecified). Detailed definitions for each column are available in the Definitions tab. Project announcements as of February 2024 are included. Data Data collection and processing by the IEA. All public references are available by project. Notes on how to aggregate the data are available in Aggregation notes. For any feedback or questions please contact ccsinfo@iea.org.